[Code] initial commit for Code doc (#38521)
elastic/kibana: docs/code/code-getting-started.asciidoc

[[code-getting-started]]
== Getting Started with Code

The easiest way to get started with Code is to import a real-world repository into Code. This example uses https://github.com/elastic/eui.
[float]
==== Before you begin
You must have a Kibana instance up and running.

If you are in an environment where you have multiple Kibana instances in a cluster, refer to <<code-multiple-kibana-instances-config, here>> for additional setup before you proceed.

[float]
==== Import your first repository
. Navigate to the Code app.

> . In Repository URL, paste the following GitHub clone URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Repository URL*, paste the following GitHub clone URL:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript-Node-Starter
----

. Click Import.
+

> A list item showing the cloning then indexing progress of the ‘TypeScript-Node-Starter’ repo will appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list item shows the cloning, then indexing progress of the ‘TypeScript-Node-Starter’ repo.
```
